RNS Institute of Technology, familiar as RNSIT was established in the year 2001. It is the brainchild of Dr. R. N. Shetty, well known industrialist, and a great philanthropist. The institution was established with a sole purpose of imparting quality education in Engineering, Technology and Management. Being one of the premier engineering colleges in the country RNSIT is marching towards placing itself in the global map by excelling in academics and placements.

Lush green campus, state of the art infrastructure, well equipped laboratories, hundreds of activities, numerous new initiatives, consistent VTU ranks, path breaking placements, cultural extravaganza, Sports events, 4000 + students and 300 + faculty – with all these RNSIT has become dream destination for engineering aspirants across the country.

Founded by a great visionary Dr. R N Shetty, a renowned name in the industries viz construction, manufacturing, hotel, automobile, power & IT services, and education, RNSIT has been scripting history in the field of technical education. Right from its inception in the year 2001, the institution is showing exemplary growth with respect to academics, placements, sports and cultural activities. With 9 UG engineering branches, 4 PG courses and 9 R&D centres RNSIT is aiming towards becoming the premier engineering institutes in the world.

All the branches of engineering have state of the art laboratories with computers with latest configurations, licensed software, hardware, sensors, motors, machines to cater the hands-on experience to students.

The campus has a majestic auditorium with 1200 seating capacity and world-class Audio-Visual system.

Canteen being the most preferred hangout place serves the craving students from 8.30 am to 4.30 pm.

There are three huge playgrounds to cater the sport enthusiasts with facilities for Cricket, Volleyball, Basketball, Kabaddi, Athletics.

Gym facility is extended to both boys and girls. The gymnasium is well maintained and houses well maintained fitness related equipments

There are three hostels, two for boys and one for girl students. Hostel rooms are well ventilated and are with attached facilities. Food is served in the mess by Sodexo, a leader in hospitality services.

