RNSIT believes in team spirit, sportsmanship, and fitness. To cater these fundamental needs the institution encourages sports and games. The campus has huge play grounds for cricket, football, volleyball, basketball, kabaddi and for athletics. There are adequate facilities for indoor games such as table tennis and badminton. 5 state of the art indoor badminton courts are at the disposal of sports fanatics. RNS Premier League (RPL) is a star attraction in the campus and people eagerly wait for the upcoming seasons. The institution has been on winning streaks in basketball, table tennis, football and badminton tournaments held in state level. There are many students who represent VTU in inter university sports events.

The campus has a huge cricket ground that supports both tennis and hardball cricket matches. Many inhouse cricket tournaments are played across the year, among them RNS Premier League (RPL) is the major attraction.

The campus has a good basketball court and a passionate team which is a powerhouse of dedicated talents. The basketball team has been consistently winning the championship in state level and VTU south zone.

RNSIT has a table tennis team which has been consistently winning VTU Bangalore South Zone Women’s Table Tennis Tournament championship. Our champion Sharvani Adiga 3rd Sem CSE Represented VTU at AIU Inter University South Zone Table Tennis Tournament held at AMET, Chennai.

There are 5 well maintained indoor badminton courts in the campus. The college badminton team has been on a winning streak in various tournaments. Women’s badminton team of RNSIT was Runners up in VTU Bangalore South Zone tournament. Aarabhi Datta 5th Sem CSE Represented VTU at AIU Inter University South Zone Badminton Tournament held at Rayalaseema University, Karnool.

The institute has a huge football ground and the college team’s performance is tournament is highly appreciated. The football team of RNSIT has won the championship of VTU Bangalore South Zone football tournament.

